test/TESTGUIDE.md, before:

# Introduction

This document provides a test guide of Dante Protocol Stack along with an Omniverse NFT infrastructure based on Dante. The tests include the following parts:
* [Algorithm test](#algorithm-test) provides an intuitive way to understand how the underlying algoritms work of Dante.
* The working flow of the [Omniverse NFT infrastructure](#omniverse-nft-infrastructure-test) based on Dante checks the complete process of sending an NFT to other chains from Flow and receive the NFT back.
* [SDK Test](#sdk-test) provides examples of how to build Omniverse dApps based on Dante Protocol Stack and tests the basic functions.

# Testing Details
## Algorithm test
### Selection routers
```sh
cd ..

# start the emulator
flow emulator --verbose

# deploy
flow project deploy --update

# register 100 routers with random credibility
flow transactions send ./transactions/test/testRegisterRouter.cdc 101 --gas-limit 10000

# Execute 10,000 times of selectiong and get the statistic result
cd test/offchain

# execute `npm install` if neccessary
npm install
node performance.js
# the result will in the csv file ./data/<newest timestamp>selection.csv
```
If everything is OK, we will get the following statistic results:
![flowstatistic](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83746881/188304733-bd1535d1-319e-4a19-85fe-342379cb191b.png)

## Message Verification


## Routers evaluation


## Omniverse NFT infrastructure test

Note to **restart** the emulator when running this test case.

```sh
cd ..

# start the emulator
flow emulator --verbose

# deploy
flow project deploy --update

# Execute the test of the whole process of omniverseNFT
flow scripts execute ./omniverseNFT/scripts/SendNFToutTest.cdc 0xf8d6e0586b0a20c7

# Check the result in emulator log out

```
Note that the test process is executed in the scripts environment and the on-chain status will not change, moreover, I think this is a very nice way to run a Flow test, just as the `cargo test` does in `Rust`. 

Here is the [source code](../omniverseNFT/scripts/SendNFToutTest.cdc) of this test case.
If everything is OK, we will get the following results:
![1662279873281](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83746881/188304532-1df3bb23-d0af-43c8-b539-915cfbe44259.png)

## SDK test

Commit message:

finish test guide of message verification

test/TESTGUIDE.md, after:

# Introduction

This document provides a test guide of Dante Protocol Stack along with an Omniverse NFT infrastructure based on Dante. The tests include the following parts:
* [Algorithm test](#algorithm-test) provides an intuitive way to understand how the underlying algoritms work of Dante.
* The working flow of the [Omniverse NFT infrastructure](#omniverse-nft-infrastructure-test) based on Dante checks the complete process of sending an NFT to other chains from Flow and receive the NFT back.
* [SDK Test](#sdk-test) provides examples of how to build Omniverse dApps based on Dante Protocol Stack and tests the basic functions.

# Testing Details
## Algorithm test
### Selection routers
```sh
cd ..

# start the emulator
flow emulator --verbose

# deploy
flow project deploy --update

# register 100 routers with random credibility
flow transactions send ./transactions/test/testRegisterRouter.cdc 101 --gas-limit 10000

# Execute 10,000 times of selectiong and get the statistic result
cd test/offchain

# execute `npm install` if neccessary
npm install
node performance.js
# the result will in the csv file ./data/<newest timestamp>selection.csv
```
Note that we send an empty transaction to refresh the random seed between each epoch.

If everything is OK, we will get the following statistic results:
![flowstatistic](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83746881/188304733-bd1535d1-319e-4a19-85fe-342379cb191b.png)

## Message Verification
```sh
cd ..

# start the emulator
flow emulator --verbose

# deploy
flow project deploy --update

# execute the test of message verification
flow scripts execute ./scripts/test/MessageVerificationTest.cdc

# Check the result in emulator log out

# If the result is not what you want, send an empty transaction to refresh the random seed
flow transactions send ./test/transactions/empty.cdc
```

If everything is OK, we will get the following result:
### Success

### failed as none of the message copy get enough credibility

## Routers evaluation


## Omniverse NFT infrastructure test

Note to **restart** the emulator when running this test case.

```sh
cd ..

# start the emulator
flow emulator --verbose

# deploy
flow project deploy --update

# Execute the test of the whole process of omniverseNFT
flow scripts execute ./omniverseNFT/scripts/SendNFToutTest.cdc 0xf8d6e0586b0a20c7

# Check the result in emulator log out

```
Note that the test process is executed in the scripts environment and the on-chain status will not change, moreover, I think this is a very nice way to run a Flow test, just as the `cargo test` does in `Rust`. 

Here is the [source code](../omniverseNFT/scripts/SendNFToutTest.cdc) of this test case.
If everything is OK, we will get the following results:
![1662279873281](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83746881/188304532-1df3bb23-d0af-43c8-b539-915cfbe44259.png)

## SDK test
